ready yeah hi I'm Tyler Oakley and I'm
Becca frucht and welcome to top that
your weekly pop culture cheat sheet to
what everyone is sugar punch sorry did
you say sugar fudge cuz I used to not be
able to swear I hear your number 2 i'm
gonna have to raise it up the bar okay
raise it up to my basically if we were
in a video but we were girls and we were
like um well i'm the girl oh well I you
know okay anyway was that oh you can
hear that they had a good like timber to
it would you want to eat if you couldn't
if you had to eat somebody Eddie
Redmayne your sadness is obviously not
happening Oh from lemons ok yeah and
then he can look we have to move okay
they took the charm and put it in a
viral video yeah and gave it to us to
give to you you you I wonder if you know
they make them kosher they have to they
must I mean like yeah haha get that a
point I believe okay so what's your
favorite line the whole video I would
have to say he throws his num trucks in
the air they fall on his finger and it's
like how bust me what is hurt sorry pal
tote that thing what is it how what is
it shake shake it off if you could make
anybody a gummy bear 3-d who would you
make jennifer lawrence be my best friend
gummy teeth sit so have the hunger games
yet see what I did there I did it's like
the roof okay we'll see okay
what you have to say I'm that comprise I
know I mean I in production wore heels
stop you meant to say not that that's
that oh yeah he's man's plan stop no
actually stop um